Address

Mother Teresa School, Nazirpur
Village: Mahishakola
P. O. : Nazirpur
P. S. : Karimpur
District: Nadia
State: West Bengal
PIN: 741165

GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCHOOL:

School Establishment and Administration: Mother Teresa School, a Private English Medium, Co- Educational Institute is situated at Mahishakola, Nazirpur, in the district of Nadia in West Bengal, established on 21st April, 2018 is administered by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Krishnagar legally registered under the Societies registration Act XXVI1961, dated 11th February 1976 holding registration No. S/17302. It reserves to itself the right to run the school according to its norms and close the school if it is prevented in any way from doing so. It is run and managed through the leadership of the Principal Under the guidance of Rt. Rev. Nirmol Vincent Gomes, Bishop of Krishnagar.

Religious Education and Moral Science: Being a Christian

Institution, the classes of Christian Doctrine (Catechism) are compulsory for Christian students. All other students should attend classes of moral Science/Value Education, which deals with moral principles, values and rules of conduct. A student must strive to attend quality of mind and heart and integrate into his/her life virtues such as honesty, sincerity, piety, compassion, generosity, love for nature and self-reliance.

Morality and Discipline: Special attention is given to

maintaining high standards of morality and discipline within the school. Guardians are encouraged to collaborate with the school authorities by ensuring regular attendance and punctuality of their children.

OUR VISION

To widen the scope of holistic excellence, wherein the students would be adequately equipped intellectually, emotionally, morally and spiritually to embrace the challenges in their life journey. Thus, enabling them to be excellent professionals, dedicated and enlightened leaders, great homemakers and global citizens endowed with global understanding.

OUR MISSION

Helping the students to love, learn and lead, promoting quality education, inspiring resilient children, creating inspirational environment and nurturing active faith. Above all, to make them good human beings by forming in them habit of virtue, discipline and self-efficiency following the life example of Jesus Christ and enriched by the words and deeds of St. Mother Teresa.


SCHOOL MOTTO

"Let Your Light Shine"

At our school, we believe that every child carries a unique light within a light of goodness, talent, intelligence, and character. Guided by our motto, "Let Your Light Shine," we strive to nurture academic excellence along with integrity, discipline, leadership, and respect for others. We encourage our students to discover their gifts, work with dedication, and grow into confident and compassionate individuals who serve society with responsibility and love. Inspired by the words of Mother Teresa, "Not all of us can do great things, but we can do small things with great love," we remind our students that true success is not only in achievement but in using their knowledge and talents to make a positive difference in the world.